Issue #498: Update the example/template mip_convert.cfg file (#577)
MetOffice/CDDS: docs/tutorials/mip_convert.md

## Quick Start Guide

1. Download a template user configuration file (For ad hoc use we recommend using the no parent example):
    - If you intend to convert a dataset without a parent: [`mip_convert_amip_no_parent.cfg`](https://github.com/MetOffice/CDDS/blob/main/mip_convert/etc/mip_convert_amip_no_parent.cfg).

>     - If you intend to convert the child of a parent dataset: [`mip_convert_piControl_parent.cfg`](https://github.com/MetOffice/CDDS/blob/main/mip_convert/etc/mip_convert_piControl_parent.cfg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download a template user configuration file. Below are provided two examples, one with parent information and one without. Parent experiment information is used in CMIP to define where the initial conditions in a simulation are taken from, for example the historical experiments take their initial conditions from a point the pre-industrial control run (which needs to be documented). Certain experiments, such as the amip (atmosphere only recent history simulation) do not have a parent experiment and therefore this information is not required. For ad hoc use we recommend using the no parent example:
    - If you intend to convert a dataset without parent information: [`mip_convert_amip_no_parent.cfg`](https://github.com/MetOffice/CDDS/blob/main/mip_convert/etc/mip_convert_amip_no_parent.cfg).
    - If you intend to convert a dataset with parent information: [`mip_convert_piControl_parent.cfg`](https://github.com/MetOffice/CDDS/blob/main/mip_convert/etc/mip_convert_piControl_parent.cfg).
```
